I have to preface this letter by saying that there are many things that by now we’ve discussed on the phone and in person! I’m leaving them in so that you have them in "writing" still. There’s something extra special about having all that we do in lettering. I’ve been working on this since September 6th! 

I’m so curious what will "catch" from this job search. I’ve casted a broad net on the internet …I don’t think it will be an incredibly interesting job, but I never know. I think every job I’ve ever had was interesting and unique. I’m kind of craving something incredibly straight forward and laid back, where I just clock in, work, and clock out, and I don’t really have to decompress as hardcore or think about work outside of work.
I mentioned that I don’t believe that with my ex the timing was *actually* a problem in our relationship because he didn’t work or keep a routine or schedule. It was a convenient complaint he made in place of the real issues he had with me dancing. My schedule made it as to where I did date a number of people I met in nightlife, outside of work, and it seemed to me had we been compatible the timing wouldn’t have been an issue because they were on a similar schedule. With people outside of nightlife it was tough to find time to make dates happen. I would feel upset about the notion of missing weekends at work for a man. I started dating men in a sort of business way or an experimental or research based way, if I’m being really honest. There were certainly a few men who said they’d like to work with my schedule, but then I would make myself fairly inaccessible. I did start taking "my time" more seriously, and I felt that most men were a complete waste of time. The club, and the psychology and neuroscience research that I did in the last 2 years has entirely changed the way I’ve dated. 
I appreciate knowing that if I wanted to stay in the club that that wouldn’t be an issue with you. What I like most about that is that you mention if it was something that made me happy. That’s profound to me. 
It really doesn’t make me happy overall. There have been periods where I was happy with my work, but they have been short lived and far and few between! 

My heart should have never been put into the work, that was a big mistake I made. The work in the club is tough for someone who is heartfelt. I care so much about everyone, even people who don’t have good intentions towards me! 
I could feel my heart shrinking, freezing, and breaking constantly because of what I’d experienced and witnessed. I know that if I stay I will be "eaten alive" in some way shape or form. I find it wild that it took me so long and for things to get to such a bizarre place for me to finally decide to leave. My pullout game is weak sometimes! I definitely feel that everything will happen in time. It always does. I think I will most definitely want you to come visit me once I’ve gotten to a better place! I’m trying to act chill about this transition, but it’s actually such a massive change for my life. I definitely think it will be worthy of a celebration, and I’d love to share that experience with you! Yeah, I have approached many jobs with this mentality, including dancing. I’ve always seen it as just a stepping stone. I’m okay with it taking a while to figure out what will make me happy in terms of making money. Your optimism and support around this is nourishing! Thank you for all of it! 

Aside from that initial 20 years growing up there I’ve only spent 4 months back there, when I was 21. Ehhh, I’m not sure how influential that school is overall. It’s a teeny tiny school. My graduating class was barely 40 people! I had been out of school for 2 years when I left for Chicago. I got pretty serious about deciding to move back to Albuquerque for a bit after I got drugged in June. I almost let my parents help get me out of my lease and make a mad dash back. But that would have felt like "giving up" to me, so I didn’t do that. If I had perhaps you and I would not have met either! So much is up in the air for me right now. It’s a bit scary, but in a good and exciting way because it feels like an opening up to the possibilities. I’m feeling I almost need this time till my lease ends in February to see how things unfold and to stack my chips for a move. 

I wrote some poem that had a line similar to that years ago. I suppose I can only speak to how I feel about it, although I have met other people who feel similarly. I didn’t think about my identity until high-school and it was because of everything they taught us. They had us do a unit where we delved into ancestry and culture and how these shape people’s identities. And then of course they also taught us real history. I realized that I was a product of that history. I looked specifically at my Nana, my mom’s mom, who is half Apache and half "Mexican" or some mixture of native and Spaniard. My Great Grandma was Mexican and super Catholic and it’s my Great Grandpa that was Apache. Apparently he dipped back to Wisconsin when my Nana was born. So she didn’t grow up with any cultural exposure until she got older. My Great Grandmother isn’t someone I respect very much because it seems she did her best to kind of beat down any resonance my Nana might have felt with being half native, and instilling Catholicism hardcore into her. I also disrespect my Great Grandmother for some other ways she conducted herself, but that’s a story for another time. It’s my understanding that she felt incredibly bitter about my Great Grandfather "knocking her up" and refusing to get married under the Catholic Church and ultimately running back to Wyoming. It seems she took that out directly on my Nana. She mostly spoke Spanish and she also did not want to pass that on to my Nana. She was from a big (she’s was 1 of 12 kids!) and poor family and she struggled in school due to not speaking English well. She dropped out of school in second grade and struggled for much of her life. It seems she was doing her absolute darndest to "assimilate" into white society, culture. She was also piously Catholic and to great detriment! Anyways my Nana has always been highly spiritual and she has a sort of hybridized belief system and understanding of things. This influenced my mom, but I know she didn’t really ruminate on any of this until I was in high-school and started asking questions and making observations about our lifestyle. I’m almost the only one in my immediate family who acknowledges or embraces that part of our heritage. I’m the only one with interest in reconnecting. Technically my "blood quantum" is probably around 1/8th which is relatively low, but many tribes accept 1/8th for tribal enrollment. I learned about the "Blood quantum" history and how the government created and enforced it in order to make less and less people identify and affiliate tribally and ultimately kill off the people and the culture. That’s why, for me, it’s important for me to learn as much as I can, reconnect, and honor that part of my heritage. I have to acknowledge all of my heritage though so I suppose that’s why I personally feel that that’s what it feels like. I grew up going to the Catholic Church until my mom left it. I always felt that it was a sinister place actually. "Sin" is so very "ex-Catholic" of me to use too. I feel like a VERY southwest New Mexican hybrid baby. I didn’t experience that kind of polarity growing up because there were lots of people with mixed heritage where I grew up. I did however experience some of that vibe in Chicago where the segregation goes so hard that people were often so surprised by my mixing. I experienced people perceiving me along a spectrum. Some people thought I was white. Some knew that I was mixed with "something" and there were many white people that treated me observably differently. 
There weren’t a lot of other mixed kids around you growing up? 
I hope that was a helpful expansion on all of that. 

Ahaha I do think you are biased! 
I want to let you know that I was also wondering if I would get "burnt out" on interacting with you more increasingly. And right now I’m writing to you, while laying in your bed, after just having spent much of the last day with you, and I still can’t get enough. You’re at work right now and I’m wishing you were here! I want to study you for as long as I can in this life too. I’m contemplating signing up for that in the next life as well. I really do believe that we knew each other in some other time and space and that we had to find each other in this one. I want you to know that I think you are an exceptionally beautiful and special person and that I also feel honored to continue to get to know you. 
It is my life’s work to do my best to make the world a better place. I wish I knew the best modality to do this with already, but I know that that’s part of the journey. I find it sweet that 
you’re betting this on me! 

I have now listened to ‘This Is Water’ twice. 
There is much to digest. I get why this is something you revisit as often as you do! I can tell the influence it has had on you, and I’m glad you have found something like this to remind you of the beauty of life! 
I think it’s still worth getting that tattoo because who cares if someone else has it?! You can get it in a specialized for you font, to make it your own! 
It’s honestly hard for me to write about what I think about this speech. His key points are pretty simple. You can tell from how he talked about things that he saw reality as harsh and crushing, but he’d picked up on some things that would help him view life and reality in a brighter light. It seems apparent to me that highly "intelligent" and/or "philosophical" types of people struggle with depression. It seems to be a kind of a trope that exists. 
Personally, as I get older and learn more and more, it feels like reality weighs in and it often feels heavier and heavier. I find that the more, what I would call my "consciousness" expands the more pain I experience. To be in a world where a good majority of people are not as tapped into "higher consciousness" is painful. It’s alienating. I found myself saying at multiple junctures this year that I felt I had "learned enough" and I would love to not feel the burden of "knowing" certain things. Mostly about different aspects of reality. They say ignorance is bliss and that definitely hits. 
What also hits most from his speech is the power of choice or "free will." I’ve mentioned by now that I believe in the possibility of things being "fated" or set in stone, but I also believe in co-creating with the universe. Choice is paramount. I’d be interested to read some of his work. I have my work cutout for me now with how many books I’ve taken back with me!
I now understand that you like the "mad ones." I also enjoy such people. I think I fit in that category, but I’m aware how easy it is to slip into the doldrums and that just doesn’t resonate for extended periods of time. I really feel the ‘Zwee’ of life and I think that is the way my madness manifests. 
Do you have any idea where this romanticization comes from? 
And yes, you have mentioned Hunter S Thompson. I don’t know anything about him! 

I hadn’t heard the crabs in the bucket analogy, but this is a quick way to say this! It’s such a strange thing people do to each other! I think it might come down to people not understanding themselves and feeling a fear of what they don’t understand. People often fear what they don’t understand. Fear of the unknown is a massive influence on humans. 
I also share the thought that success is best shared! 

It feels like another way to say "an eye for an eye…" and to me, once I took psychedelics and felt the oneness of everything and everyone it really feels that way to me. 
I’m glad you share this belief. It’s been a point of contention in friendships and relationships alike! I do believe that consciousness is always expanding and that more and more people will understand this oneness more and more. I admit that even with believing in it, it’s hard to keep in perspective daily! 

Now I’ve started reading ‘On the Road’ and we’ve started reading ‘All About Love’ and I’m loving this precious exchange!
I’m also excited to get into the other books you sent me home with! Going to Half Price Books was a sweet time! I really wish those existed in more places! Next time I come to visit you we’ll have to go to the downtown library! That sounds lovely. 

Every time I receive a new letter from you, or we get off the phone I think about the song "Bless the Telephone" by Labi Siffre. 
Tuesdays are a great day for this date plan. Next Tuesday I am yours, if that works for you. 
Technology both impresses and stresses me. Especially this new AI stuff! I’m not sure if humans should be playing with some of the things we are currently, but it seems it’s an itch that some people must scratch!
I am so glad my little pocket portal allows me to FaceTime you! Now that we’ve spent time in person together I’m going to need to see you for at least 5 minutes a day! I also think you are one of the most beautiful people I have ever seen. There were many times I wished I had brought a pencil and a sketch pad becauseI find you so beautiful I’m inspired to draw you! A picture doesn’t feel right. I’d love to immortalize you in a deeper way! Some day! You’ll let me draw you? 
You saying this about how I looked to you while making love to me is the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me! You witnessed perfection for the first time?! I’m crying (happy tears). 

If you can’t make the show in October, I’ll definitely be down to come see them in Austin with you in February as long as it doesn’t correspond with when I’m supposed to move out! I’m crossing my fingers! 
I’m now writing to you after I’ve come to visit! Surprise! By now you know that there isn’t a way we could have met in Vegas 2 years ago. I wasn’t here yet. I think we met at a near perfect time. I say near because I’m smack dab in a transition. 
I’m excited for when things stabilize for me, not only because I’ve been craving stability for myself, but now I can look forward to having plans with you! The taste that being in Austin with you gave me was scrumpdiddliumptious!
It’s wild (in the best way) to be writing to you now, a letter later, and we have made commitments to each other! 

Ahaha ‘Mom Zwee’ is hilarious. I’m not sure if my mom is separate from other ‘Zwee.’ She is a ‘Zweebb’ as far as I’m concerned. A ‘zweebb’ is a babe who embraces the exhilaration, joy, ecstasy, fun, cuteness, vibrance, and love that living is full of. I think my mama taught me how to embrace all of those things. She’s also pretty colorful. I think her being a professional balloon twister and face painter definitely influenced me. All I know is that when I tell people about her job they say, "that makes so much sense!" 
I am enjoying finding out the lessons that your mother has taught you. I’m looking forward to meeting her in December! 

I agree about the growing up early giving one and ‘edge’ in life! Some have called me an ‘edgelord’ before ehehehe. I’ve said in many different words that I’m getting tired of living on the edge all of the time. It seems like you’re on a similar page right now. 
Something that has been really interesting and healing has been doing stuff for my inner child. I actually think that the way that I dress is a big part of that for me. It’s been analyzed as a "regression" by some people and I find that strange for many reasons. Many people associate my colorfulness with youth, and I know part of that is because the ‘West’ does not embrace colors the way that the ‘East’ does. There’s a homogenization and ‘professionalism’ influence in clothing here. I argue why are certain silhouettes, cuts, patterns, or colors only for one age group? When and why do we stop getting to have fun with this? I know that in middle school and high school I tried to dress more ‘grown’ and provocative, and I do sometimes wish that I had let myself be a bit more age appropriate. I think I exposed myself to a lot of stuff that I didn’t need to. I called a lot of unnecessary attention to myself. Alas, like you say we can’t go back. There’s only moving forward. 
It’s beautiful to hear that you’ve been doing some inner child healing work through therapy. That makes me so happy to hear! 

By now I know that you ‘can’ cry, which is a relief honestly. I do kind of regard a complete inability to cry as a bit of a red flag. Your childhood history makes it make sense why you don’t do it as much. And perhaps it’s a good thing. It’s hard to say what’s healthy in that department. I think it’s excellent that you journal, workout, and do therapy. You have multiple modalities to release feelings and thoughts. There have been times where I have thought that perhaps I am crying too much. And then recently there have been times where I feel like I’m not crying enough. Now I’m in a place where if I cry in front of someone they are someone I feel comfortable being vulnerable with. I feel comfortable around you, so you will likely see me cry with both sadness and happiness. Hopefully, not so much with sadness. I hope you find that I am also a safe person to cry in front of. Not that I want you crying from sadness either, and certainly not by my doing! I similarly am striving to help you ‘smile now, and smile later.’

You’ve met me in such a ‘sweet spot’ time when it comes to my guard. By now there’s much of this letter that we’ve discussed in person and on the phone! It makes me think that actually we might still be getting to know each other just as deeply if we were able to see each other in person more. There’s a certain pacing to the writing and reading the letters that makes the absorption of what we’re sharing that much more permanent though. I keep thinking that the possible reason for this ease with which we’ve been able to share with each other despite being fairly guarded people, in our own respective ways, perhaps goes back to that idea that we’re ‘from the same book.’
Especially since, with how we met, there were many odds stacked against us being vulnerable and open! 

We’ve talked a bit now about the time where the club was an overall positive experience for me. Mostly that was due to a sisterhood that I had at my home club in Chicago. We all uplifted each other and could work together seamlessly. I actually have some stories about my time at home club that are fun to tell. They’re more for a phone call though! 
It seems to me that ever since there’s been an erasure of Goddess and Earth worship (earliest forms of spirituality) men have been entitled to women in general. It’s exacerbated in the clubs, and I know there’s a multitude of reasons why. In the industry so many men show a secret side of themselves that they don’t show the women in their interpersonal lives, ever. 
I bet there are a lot of those guys who roll through! I often wish I had the unearned & delusional confidence and audacity that so many men have! I admittedly would like to see you "teaching a lesson" to a guy like that. I’d also be scared to watch too because I couldn’t bear seeing you get hurt even remotely if that ever happened. 

The general goal of the job is to make sales and to make said sales you have to make men comfortable and make them feel *special.* Most men are motivated by even the possibility of sex. I’m not quite sure where people get the idea that all strippers have sex, since I don’t think I’ve encountered too much media that portrays this! I was three years into dancing and had never gone there. And the only reason things changed is because the economy changed and I was in survival mode. I guess it’s like some type of ‘lore.’ I think mostly it’s that any perceivably promiscuous woman is a *whore* by default. A woman who shows her ankles. A woman who wears red lipstick. A woman who enjoys sex. The list goes on and on. Mostly people don’t know or understand the intimate history of the industry. It’s a secret world by design. 
I think this last question about the actor thing is why I want to leave the industry most. I have a hard time separating the characters. I feel fragmented from time to time. I’ve lost myself at times and it was a struggle to ‘come back to self’ and ‘come back to my heart.’

Men come in for so many reasons. Some, perhaps most, aren’t even aware of the *true* or ‘deep down’ reason they come in. For whatever reason men do seem to have more ego problems than women. I think being a woman is an incredibly humbling experience because of our biology (I’m thinking of our bleeds and childbirth). The male ego seems to need to be stroked the way a dick needs to be stroked. It seems a simple enough formula to follow in the club, but I struggle because I think I always want things to be deeper or the be about entertainment or talent. I also don’t like to stroke the general male ego. I find it incredibly boring. The vast majority of the world seems to be controlled by and to cater to men. I think the club would be a beautiful place if more men came with respect and humility. It does happen in small doses. Those encounters, minutes, hours, nights, customers make it worth it. 

It was a journey to understanding my own value. I think it’s a life long journey as well. The capitalist world is hellbent on convincing people out of their inherent value. You have to cultivate your own value and confidence. I’m glad that you also know that you didn’t deserve your mistreatment either! I relate to that about going through the journey. It’s fucked up, but the negatives make you appreciate the positives so much more. I think that you understanding and having lived through such heartbreaks is part of why I feel so safe with you. We’ve been in similar boats. It is such a powerful choice to continue to not succumb to the abuse you’ve seen and to continue to live and love fiercely. 

I love the exaggerated romantic idea! You consistently show me windows into the levels of your depth of feeling, thoughtfulness, and care!
It’s fucked up, but I almost feel as if these experiences set us up to be the best and most loving we can be to each other. 
I went on a pretty dark journey after my last relationship. I don’t know if I’ve said to you before that I don’t think I’ve ever had to reach so deep into myself and do ‘shadow work’ like I have in my time in Vegas. 
I mentioned on the phone the other day seeing something about ‘Invisible String Theory.’ The concept is that "The Universe will keep two people apart until the timing is right. When you meet there will be ‘coincidences’ in the timing. If one thing would have fallen out of line you would have never crossed paths. But the Universe aligns you and you realize that everything that you went through before you met, was just preparing your heart for them." 
I don’t know if I believe in that theory or not, but that’s what it really feels like to me with you! 

I think there’s been a LOT of having to get things out of my system in my youth. I understand and accept that everyone has their own timing and journey. One thing that I’ve been believing in or affirming more is the concept of "divine timing." With all that seems to have been stacked up against you and I genuinely and openly connecting I believe that "divine timing" might have something to do with it. 

I feel similarly about your awareness and honesty around having hated yourself. 
We keep touching on how, in so many ways we would not have been prepared for each other. 
I honestly can’t say that I had enough respect for or my ex, or myself to have not cheated. I don’t know if I’ve mentioned that. I know I’ve said that I was not perfect in that relationship. Not that it makes it any less bad, but I will say the circumstances were strange since we were constantly in flux of being in an *open and closed relationship.* The boundaries kept being being messed with or weren’t clear at times. There’s so many stories there, too many really. If you’re ever curious about the details I will definitely share. I had been cheated on in a previous relationship and never ‘stooped to that level’ before. 
The traumas that my ex grew up with and the traumas that I grew up with made us an incredibly bad pairing for each other. And what’s crazy is that we identified that pretty early on. I think that possibly we started off in a bit of a trauma bond initially and then the circumstances of our meeting and the stuff that we went through together trauma bonded us even more severely. We also never established trust or mutual respect. 
I remember you saying that you think "once a cheater, always a cheater" and I personally don’t think that’s *always* true. I had never been that person before and I haven’t been that person since. I’m certainly not proud of this part of my life, and I consider that one of my biggest mistakes, transgressions, and falls from grace. 
I learned many tough lessons through that relationship. I never want to be who or how I was in that relationship, and I’m positive that I never will be. 
I’m sure reading this will be unnerving, and I completely understand if it is. I hope that all of the honesty and transparency I’ve given you thus far helps to ease your mind. I’ve never been so truly vulnerable and honest with anyone. Me telling you about this part of my past is a continuation of that. I would rather be brutally honest. I want you to have "all of the information" about me and my past too, even if it’s stuff that I’m not proud of. And even if this is something that might make you want to run. I would understand completely. 
I said I know I would have never cheated on you, and I believe that whole heartedly. I do believe that the circumstances of my past relationship brought out an unusual, dark, unhealed, and at times a cold hearted version of me. I know just how damaging cheating is now more than ever. It pains me deeply that you experienced so much loss of confidence, self esteem, and heartache. I have been there before, and I wish I could say that I "rose above" and chose a more virtuous path. 
I have promised myself that I would never cheat again, and I absolutely promise to never cheat on you. 

I also do not subscribe to this belief. I do believe that that is something that happens a lot though. I just don’t think it always has to be true. I believe life is massively nuanced. I don’t think that I had much in the way of the teaching to be a "bigger person" or lessons in honor. I’ve had to learn a lot of things on my own, and by bumping more than my head. Whether it was ego or self pride or your upbringing I do find it admirable that you always chose the right thing to do! It’s clear that your moral compass is incredibly strong. I can’t and won’t lie that my moral compass hasn’t always been the strongest in a number of different arenas. It scares me to divulge my darkest and truest sides, but I know that it’s necessary. I think a lot of my upbringing unfortunately informed me that I didn’t need to "keep my word." Especially with men. I’ve already shared that most of the men in my life had let me down in significant ways, and that I often had to lie in order to be safe from harm with men. I developed an almost absolute disrespect for men. I think that from the moment my ex first did me wrong my respect flew out the door, but I was in such a vulnerable and attached state that I wouldn’t and couldn’t walk away. I was so used to the disrespect and having to endure. I think there are many times that I’ve been close to hating men entirely. I don’t think that I ever did reach that place fully because aside from stooping to the level of my ex I’ve not non consensually and or sadistically harmed a man since. 
There is much to share about my journey into not diving completely into a full on hatred of men. 
I can’t say that I won’t lie to other men, especially at work, but with you my word is my bond. 

I don’t say this lightly, but I think you embody ‘divine masculinity.’ It’s the highest compliment I could possibly give a man. I have such a strong feeling that we’ve been to each other what we are to each other in this life time, many times before. It’s a familiarity and a comfortability unlike anything I’ve experienced before! I’m glad that we’ve reached a place where we can express what we really think and feel! I also want you to know that my intentions are to be delicate with you as well. You deserve that and so much more!

I wonder if you got a spot of synesthesia! I know I do from time to time. Something that I love about you is the way you listen to, play, and share music! 
I also love your accent and your low register! Since visiting you I’ve been able to remember your voice, and now I can hear you in my head. It does the opposite of causing me distress. I find your voice charming, endearing, comforting, and at times it really turns me on. 
The neural link is helping me get accustomed to the southern "twang" for sure! It’s funny that you say being from New Mexico technically makes me a "Southern Girl" because I’ve tried to say this before and people from the South South are like ‘nooooo.’

I do enjoy hearing and seeing you do most anything. I definitely have a thing for seeing and hearing you workout. Not even necessarily because it’s "oddly sexual." 
The translation to how you are in bed is similar. The difference is you are much more delicate with me. You seem a bit embarrassed by the sounds you make when you’re cumming and I want to assure you that I very much enjoy hearing them because those too are you ‘essence.’ 

I’ll always let you be sweet. And I’ll always be sweet back on you. It really is incredibly easy, natural to do. I doubt your physical faculties will regress too much, if at all, but if they ever do I’ll love you just the same. If not even more because I feel that over time my love for you is only going to grow. 
Apparently strong thighs are an excellent indicator of long term health! I heard it in some neuroscience research. 
I didn’t say anything before because we hadn’t exchanged certain words yet, but I have been imagining us as old folks. I wanna be old laughin in the porch swing of your mind and in real life.

It’s a huge testament to how comfortable I felt with you off the bat! Singing is the most vulnerable and truest essence of me that I can share I think. It scares me to be perceived and to be ‘bad’ at it. The funny thing is I didn’t know just how much you loved music then. I think if I had known it might’ve scared me to share that part of me, but I’m not sure. 
I love that we’ve been able to play and sing together! I also have always wanted that with someone. 

I’m so glad you got to learn the joy of reading from your mother! I think it’s one of the most wonderful gifts a parent could share. And I’m glad I got the same from my mom. It’s certainly something that is now allowing us to connect in *this* way! I loved hearing you read to me on that last day I was in Austin. It’s one of my most relaxing memories of all time. 

I love that you know Reading Rainbow!! It definitely influenced me a lot growing up. You have now shared the story of how you lost your copy of "The Stranger." This story has told me a lot about your character! You’re a romantique overall! I didn’t know if I would ever meet a true romantic in this life. I feel as though I’ve met my ‘match.’ 

It’s still wild to me that you could see so much. I can’t tell if it’s because you’re uniquely perceptive or if it’s because you cared already. Or if it was something else. I likewise would not have thought I would have found any realness out here! As cheesy as it is I keep thinking about Rihanna’s song "We Found Love (In a hopeless place)." It’s funny because I don’t think I ever thought of you as a ‘tourist’ at any point. I can’t express just how glad I am that the event happened to be here and that you happened to choose Honey’s! 
Yes, I know the reference! ‘Wish I Could Stay’ was a standout song on the Neural Link playlist. It resonates deeply.

It bothers me as well that you have had the same experience with your scars! It’s one of the sickest things people do to each other! 
It seems like sometimes people hear about someone scars and it almost inspires them to inflict the same pain. It’s seems like a "permission." It is sick! 
I think that your mother probably did teach you that better than any male could have ever taught you. I am grateful to her. 

I think it’s certainly time for your suffering to cease! It amazes me how good you’ve kept your heart despite everything you’ve been through. You deserve all the softness and love in the world, and I want to give it all to you! 

I find myself feeling grateful towards your mother again, for being the reason that you have kept yourself alive. I feel honored that you’ve shared anything at all about me with her already. It means a lot to me since even before I was a dancer I felt that many of my previous partners weren’t the proudest about being with me to their families. I had friends whose parents didn’t like me growing up too, so it’s kind of a touchy thing for me. 

Ahaha! I can’t lie, it’s very probable that from time to time I will need my ‘horns’ grabbed and to wrangled in! I think by now we’ve "ridden" each other a fair amount. I think we’ve definitely made up for the time we’ve had apart! I’m pleasantly surprised that our sex drives are on par! By now you know about the beast with two backs. It is definitely sexual.

Yes, I think navigating healthy boundaries is lifelong work! I am also working on not overextending myself and practicing maintaining my boundaries. It’s interesting to ponder why one might compromise or ‘lose themselves’ in a relationship. I’m thinking about it for myself and I’m wondering why that pattern has existed for myself! I don’t know where it’s stemming from. But I am committed to reprogramming that in myself as well. 

I’m so glad that I learned about this practice and I’m noting all of this about you! 
It really did show me a lot about how you are the first night we met! 
I think I’m pretty similar. It’s been a long while since I got in an argument. I think I generally find it easy to be able to talk through things. I might sometimes ask for a moment to be alone to breathe. I’m not a yeller, but I am a little excitable in general, so I do think I get louder when I’m upset. I think that if you told me to take a beat to lower my voice that I would be receptive to that. I’ve learned a little bit about "co-regulation" this year, but I want to learn more and apply these practices. 

Perhaps…I dunno! I do still have qualms with Western academia. I like you, love to learn. Who knows what I will do! I’m trying to take one thing at a time. Knowing that you were able to find something that fulfills your need for a challenge, love of learning, and helps you stack bread gives me hope! 

Yeah, barrier to access is purposeful and that’s booboo! They do it to maintain control on society. I do always think it would be better if everyone had access to better education. I really think there’s enough for everyone. Maybe I’m just an idealist though. 
I’ll figure it out eventually what’s for me. 

I too am perfectly happy with how everything has and is going with you. The only thing I wish wasn’t going on now is the distance, but even that I think is probably helping us have a healthy "slow down" cause I’m not sure I’d personally be able to ‘pump the brakes’ if we were physically in the same city! I will say if you had put this kind of intention into other people I’m not sure if we’d be together, so I selfishly don’t like thinking about that. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, I’m glad and grateful that I went through everything I did before you. 

I think in most cases people can only save themselves. There are some scenarios where people can and should be ‘saved.’ It is sweet of you to say this. I do feel that if we had ever met any time before that I would have felt safe and comforted by you. I feel safer and more comfortable with you than I’ve ever felt with anyone! 
It makes me sad how many people are lacking strong male role models in their lives. Despite not having that yourself, you are a truly exceptional man! I think it’s perhaps a testament to how amazing your mother must be. 
It’s definitely hard to say how or where I’d be if I had a strong father figure. Same for you. 
Despite the odds I think we’re both getting along surprisingly well. 
In the grand scheme I feel alright that my ex didn’t meet me financially. I learned what I didn’t like. Some women enjoy being the bread winner and provider. I found out that I don’t.
I don’t think I ever really knew what men were supposed to do! I was pretty confused up until this year. I’m so glad I learned what I did this past year. I happy to have met you and to finally feel like there’s a strong man in my corner. I don’t have the correct words to express how happy I am that you not only don’t judge me for my past, but that you still respect and value me. I will cherish you forever for that. 
I’m glad that I didn’t let myself fall into a place where I devalued or was ashamed of myself for doing what I had to do. It’s weird but the work I did helped affirm my inherent value. 

I’m so glad we’ve both done so much work before meeting. I feel that we are in a trajectory to continue growing and healing, both individually and separately. Like your parallel lines that zig and zag! 

I’ve never had someone "study" me before. I’ve dabbled in the practice of studying someone, but I have never been inspired in the way that I am with you! I feel very much the same about you, making you my life’s work.

It really has been making me restless. I feel a bit dramatic when I say this, but I really feel that I’ve been in hell on earth in Vegas. I feel that the place has been trying hard to get me to match the frequencies here. It’s been a battle, and I’m definitely tired of it. I do feel in a way that I’ve been "forged in fire" out here. My trials and tests have helped remove impurities and build strength. I also think it’s shown me the value of my soul, on levels I couldn’t have fathomed, and I’ve fought incredibly hard to keep it. I do think it is a special strength to bare the soul to people. I realize that baring my soul to even one person has been difficult in the past. To do so to dozens, hundreds, thousands, potentially millions with music is daunting.
On another lighter note, I beg to differ, you’ve technically stripped for me! Not dramatically though, so maybe I’ll have to have you try that for me hehe. I’d love to see! 

It brings me such Zwee to know that you watched that video multiple times! It’s one of my more ‘successful’ projects. 
I look forward to having time to experiment with Zwee in black and other materials than what I’ve been working with. I need brainstorm and play time. 

I’ve said before, I would be so curious yo ever meet a medium who might be able to give some insight on past lives. I have been told by a number of mediums throughout the years that my soul is pretty old. I feel it at times and then there are times that I don’t. I really do and have felt since I became relatively conscious that I’m both old and young simultaneously. I wonder about you! 
It’s been so beautiful that at every turn it feels that you’re ‘with me’ or ‘on the same page.’ 
I’m almost in disbelief in the amount of ease there has been in getting to know you, and allowing you to get to know me. I wonder to myself, did we give each other keys to each other’s locks in another place and time? That’s what it feels like. 

We’ve talked about this topic by now. I definitely missed you after barely knowing you. I continue to miss you the more I get to know you. 
In regards to this other person who made that bold statement, I perceive them as ‘fake deep.’ That guy was a Pisces (and he was local). For some reason Pisces men flock to me heavily. I’ve been paying attention to these patterns for years now. I mentioned to you that I don’t really jive with Pisces, men specifically. Every single one I’ve talked to or dated or been involved with has been fake deep. I’ve even had a couple of them admit to me that they are fake deep, when I called them out on it. They reserve real depth for very very few people. For whatever reason people in general only go so deep with me. I’ve been told that my authenticity scares people. I think sometimes when a "real one" meets a "real one" it can be too much. 

We’ve talked about all of this in so many words. I’m enjoying how everything is unfolding. It’s unprecedented and beautiful. 
I also believe that we are off to a wonderful start. I feel that we are building a sturdy foundation. A foundation rooted in love and not fear. I want us to keep a practice of writing letters to each other, even when we’re in person together. It’s almost feeling like a shared journal, or our book, if you will. May we some day fill a library with the words of our life and love…
I miss you and I can't wait to see you, and stay with you. I love you!