It will be interesting to see what life is like for you after you transition to a new place in your life. I know that working overnight is tough, I did it for awhile and did not enjoy it. It was hard to get rest most days and anything I had to do that needed to be done during the day always seemed to cut into my sleep time. I asked you on the phone how you were able to maintain and navigate a relationship while working the club hours, you mentioned that with your ex it didn't seem to work all too well. In the last year or so, have you been able to date with the hours that you work? I suppose, I'm wondering if there was anyone who was willing/able to work with your schedule. Having worked overnight for awhile and weekends for over a decade, I know what that life is like and might have a little more perspective than others. That being said if you needed/wanted to stay at the club, I'd like you to know that I don't see that being an issue if that is what makes you happy. 

I hope you are able to transition from the club sooner than later, I know based on recent events how much your heart is no longer in it. Sometimes it feels hopeless when we are waiting for a change and it's dependent on some unknown variable. Everything will happen in time. I wanted to reiterate that once you are able to get to the place that makes you happy, I'm going to come out and visit you so we can spend time together and clebrate your new venture, if you are comfortable and wanting that. Maybe what you transition to wont be what you want to do long term but it's a step in the direction. I know that in my past when I  was confused on what I wanted to do, I would just do something (since it was better than doing nothing) and then make adjustments from there, it takes a while to figure out what you want when there is unlimited options in front of me. Whatever you decide that you want to do, I'd like to see you happy day to day with what you decide.

Despite growing up in Albuquerque have you spent any additional prolonged periods of time in your hometown? I'm wondering if you would see more impact from your high school if you went back home and spent some time with a different point of view.. correct me if I'm wrong but did you leave to Chicago shortly after high school? Maybe not right after but in the few years directly after? Do you ever see yourself moving back to your hometown? If you would have asked me four years ago if I would have ended up back in Austin, I would have said 'not a chance', I prefere to go to a place I've never been and have a new adventure instead of treading over the same ground. I have come to learn that sometimes it is necessary to revisit some past experiences for longer than reviewing a memory. Somehow the universe decided that coming back this way was the best thing for me and it has played out that way it seems. If i never came back to Texas, I might have gone to Vegas and met you!

I could maybe guess that Albuquerque would be diverse given the large native population in the state. Would you be willing to expand on what you mean by mixed people needing to repent and heal from thier ancestor's sins? I, like you, am mixed with both white and native blood. With my mother being almost full blooded, we grew up with many teachings and cultural exsposure, but I didn't grow up with the notion that because I was half white I needed to atone for any of my ancestor's actions. Naturally, as one learns the reality of American history, it is apparaent that what was committed by settlers to the America's was horrific, and it does get confusing how one should feel when you are mixed with the blood of vicitum and perpetrator during that period of history. I will admit that growing up it was awkward at times when I would feel 'too brown' for the white folks, and 'too white' for the natives.

My belief that you have a gift that "makes people want to listen" is certainly extreamly biased. I love hearing you speak, both in person and on the phone. I have not met someone that I couldn't get enough of. After an eight hour call last week, I had suspicions if I was 'learning you to fast' and if we would get burnt out of it at some point, but with each call I find myself not wanting to let you go and it seems to only make me want more. I've said before in other word that I find you so special and it is both an honor and a privledge to be able to spend that much time with you and continue to get to know you. I plan to 'study' you for as long as alloted in this life. Perhaps that the beleif in your gift has been mentioned by another in your life is no coinicdence. I'm sure there is a reason that both of us have said this to you. I think that anyone that contriubutes to a gernerally better understanding society is making the world a better place, and through your sharing of your experiences you are doing that. I bet that whatever you decided to do with your life this will always be an extension of you and what you are. 

I suppose at this point I have sent you 'This is Water' by David Foster Wallace, I would like to hear your thoughts on this subject. As I mentioned I tend to revisit this speech at least once a year to ground myself. This speech changed my life in so many ways since I heard for the first time and I have been obssed with it ever since. I even wanted to get a 'this is water' tatto on my hand, until I met someone who had the same tattoo on their forearm. I have spent many years studying this work since 2010. Unfortuately, he suffered from major depressive disorder and committed sucide in 2008 after coming off his medication. I found his work shortly after his death and you can hear the echos of his depression in this speech, particularly in the subject matter and delivery. I could write about this for many paragraphs, but instead would like to hear your take aways from what you thought about his speech. I have mentioned another work by him I am currently reading, "Consider The Lobster", it's a collection of essays. The title work is a satire that was orginally published in Gourmet Magazine about the Boston Lobster Festival. It was controversial because the work poses the question on the ethics of boiling the lobster alive, which is the typial preparation method. I love this about his modernist satircal style, where his work is an extended reflection on a philosopical consideration to the reader. His fiction is likewise brillant in this way, I would recommend "The Pale King" to if you are interested. This was his last novel that was unfinished before his death. On the day he took his life he arranged what had been written into a format as a manuscript to be found by his widow. It was eventually published into a readable format. This isn't my favorite work by him due to it's incompletness, however, it is the most revealing and where I started and worked my way backwards into his biblography. I would gladly admit that DFW is one of my idols for literature. I know that at this point, it seems thematic that my idols were either drug addicts, drunks, or manic depressives, but as I mentioned in an alternate letter, it's the one's that are different that seem to resonate with me. I also beleive I tend to romanticize the 'tortured genius that exists on their own terms". Did I mention Hunter S. Thompson was one of my idols also?

'Some accusations are admissions', I have not heard of this before, but after your explanation on people acting out in a way to others who they precive have commonalites, that themselves cannot integrate into their own lives, this is understandable. I have observed the idea of some being jealous of others who are brave enough to live thier truth. I have seen it often outside of sexual orientation. I've noticed it a lot when someone is trying to better themselves or try for something that is difficult, often times people put them down to discourage the one putting in the effort. I think it's from the same position of jealousy, that the people mentioning "you can't.. (etc.)" are the ones that are actually too afraid to try. This is dishearting, why is everything such a competition where we would keep others from trying for the things the ourselves are not willing to risk on.. have you ever heard of the "crabs in a bucket" analogy? I've always thought success is best shared. It's more fun when everyone wins together, when we uplift eachother and help one another get to a better place. Don't get me wrong I'm not a team sports guy nor would I help someone who has done me wrong, but I tend to want to see success for the people close to me and the people I care about.

"What one person does to another they do to themselves in some ways" -- this is incredibly insightful. I have a collection of quotes that I keep in a notebook for reference from time to time when I feel that I need some quick and digestable inspiration. Some are from books, songs, movies, and some are from people I've met or known throughout my life. I am going to site you as the author for this one, that way you are immortalized in my life for the forseeable future. Based on many of the conversations we have had, I'm in agreement that you are an empathic person. You seem to have this awareness about yourself that allows you to have outwardly compassion. I second your belief on the onenss of all humans and separatness being an illusion. I wished more people would take this into consideration and we could establish a baseline of cohesian instead.

If you aren't sure that you remember reading 'On the Road', I think it might be time for a reread. Now that I have brought up the idea of reading together I think this is one, (as well as 'All About Love'), I'd like to read together. You will probably resonate with a lot of what is in the book about travel and adventure, considering the experiences you've had. I guess I'm the same way, I have a 'library' that's scattered around my apartment based on things I'm currently reading, or referencing. I used to have a large collection of books that I left behind when I moved away from Hawaii. Bringing your possesions from an island is rather expensive and I chose to gift them to the library there so others could enjoy them instead. With each move I try to get rid of stuff so I'm always 'sheding' and starting new in a new place. Particularly when I move across state lines. I have this day dream of you visiting Austin, and there is a library in the center of downtown that sits on the river and is six stories high. I'd want to take you there and spend time there watching you wander about and explore books, then sit and read something together till you get tired. 

I have to admit that without my desire to pursue my current employment I may not have the skills to create a virtual date experience. Another serendipitous opportunity that we can use to foster a more meaningful connection until we can see eachother again. We'll have to set a date on this, I'm thinking maybe a Tuesday sometime in the near future, that seems to work with what you have going on now and I can make that work on myside. Would you be up for that?

I'm similar in the fact that I rarely am thankful for technology, in most cases I find it unneccessary, even despite what I do for a living. As soon as I'm done for the day I get off the computer as fast as I can. I don't care for technology it's just another tool in my life not something that entertains me. I truly just got into it for the money and nothing else. I knew I could learn a lot and that would make it tolerable. Learning is one of my real passions, I love to challenge myself and learn new concepts and ideas. This is why I did not own a computer from 2010 - 2022, I was going to abandon my cellphone years ago and get a land line, but the way the world is now you need a smart phone to do anything. I'm extreamly grateful to have a phone thought that provides the availability to facetime you, like yesterday. That was amazing! I was so happy to see you. I couldn't stop looking at you. I said it then and I mean it now, you are one of the of the most beautiful people I have ever seen. I could look at you forever! I remember when I was making love to you, I looked down at you as the sun was coming in through the window and the light was on your face, I had to stop for a second because I just wanted to take in the moment of how perfect you were. I'll never forget the moment I witnessed perfection for the first in my life.

I'm working on moving the commitments at my jobs to try and make that Bright Eyes show and spend time with you. I want to make that show! They are also playing in Austin in Feburary.I was hoping if it dosent work out that we could still catch them after the new year in my hometown.. Maybe by then you would feel comfortable coming out to visit over here.. I do plan to visit you long before any of that and inbetween if you'd be up for that. I have disclosed to you that I am waiting for you to figure out your next job situation then I'll come out and we can celebrate your accomplisment of acheiving your objective of starting a new life for yourself. I know you have a lot of transition coming up in your life that is going to place some uncertainty in your heart, but I want you to know its always going to be okay with me that you focus on yourself, I want that for you. It is odd that I met you at such a transitional time in your life, do you think there is a reason for this? I was in Vegas two years ago in August, where you there then? My life was in a huge transition at that time, I wonder if things had gone a different way and if you were there, could I have met you then.. 

I know that sooner than later your schedule will get settled out and you'll be able to have a more deffinitve projection on when would be best to come see you. It seems like you are well on your way, you already took the inital steps.I'm glad I can count you in as my plus one for traveling in future. I'd love to have you along, you seem like a bouncing ball of joy and excitment that is going to make all the new experiences even better. You're right, there is no rush. I told you, I'm not going anywhere and I'm not looking for anything else, so I don'y mind whatsoever to be patient. From personal experience, sometimes the best things in life are the ones worth waiting for. I believe you are certainly worth that and much more. I like that you believe that you and I are going to know eachother for a long time, that was my hope when I left Vegas, that it wasn't 'goodbye' but 'see you later'. I'm planning on coming back for you as long as you're there.

How does 'Mom Zwee' different from the other 'Zwee!'? I'm not sure what questions I have about your mother. I guess I could just see a parallel in your life that was similar to mine in the way we look up to and honor our mothers. Over the course of the last couple weeks you've mentioned things about your mom that has shown me some insight into the nature of your relationship with her. I can tell that the two of you are close. 

As I've gotten older, I've realized growing up fast wasn't all 'that' bad, although it comes at a price it certainly gives one an edge in life. I tend to use it to my advantage when I need to but truthfully there are those quiet tender moments that do make you wish that things would have gone differently, but there is nothing one can do about the past. There is a lot that can be explained about me based on my childhood. I completly ignored it for a large part of my adultlife till I keep running into the same problems and had to investigate why things were happening again and again. Now it's about making the adjustments, nurture, and retool myself.

I do feel a catharsis when crying when it eventualy does occur. I beleive growing up in an all male household and not having a mother that nurtured the notion that 'it's okay to cry', I didn't develope the skillset and as an adult it is a lot harder for me since I never got the practice or developed that kind of emtional relationship with myself. Although, the thought of you crying does make me unbelieveablly sad I think about your face and how happy your smile and eyes are, and I would want to burn the world to the ground if someone made you cry from hurt. You deserve deserve the world and to experience all the happiness. If I have anything to do with what goes on in your future I'm aiming for "smile now, smile later".

I haven't let my guard down this much even with women who I have dated for a few years. That might sound insincere but it typically takes me awhile with most people even the ones I let get to the inner layers. I tend to struggle to let them into a certain depth, I've been criticized by other partners for this and I completly understand why, because it offers them some security that they are meaningful to me. Insofar that they reach a level that most people don't get to ever. All that being said, I'm not sure how we got here so quickly and so effortlessly, but either way I want you to know that I'm glad you are here. Forgive me if this is too sentimental, but sometimes I can be so guraded that I'm not only keeping others out but I'm also keeping myself in, and for whatever reason you just walked through all the locked doors and came into where you are now, it is such a pleasure to have your company. There is something about you that I don't feel I'm 'taking a chance on'. Again, no expections or commitments, I feel something about you and for you. What that works out to be, I have no idea, but despite meeting you in Vegas you dont feel like a gamble.

I'm sorry to hear the experience of working at the club has changed so negativley for you. Was there a time when it was positive and you enjoyed it and it wasn't so frustrating and draining or has it always carried an element of that since you started to now? Why do you think men feel so entitled to women in the club? Despite everything that is 'offered', isn't there still always an exchange? I'm confused how the entitlement occurs if there is still a service that's being sold. It's like going to a busy bar and expecting the bartender only to serve you, it's not like you are getting free drinks so what makes you think you can't wait in line? Maybe I'm not seeing all the variables at play here. Also I think men can just act so arrogant in any environment. I'm not a tall man or big man by any means, and often times I encounter men trying to just bully their way through life since they may have height or size. It's always so interesting to see these kind of guys so up to the gym with no training getting their egos literally and figuretively pummeled out of them. Some of my most rewarding expiernces teaching those lessons to those types.

I wanted to ask you about the weird part of the job you mentioned, "subtly sell the fantasy that it *isnt* just work", is this that you are 'supposed to be into them'? That's got to be tough, the mental and physical gymnastics surrounding it all. I'm so fascinated by all the details that go into this because it's world I never could know. What type of gymnastics is considered doing the job well, both mentally and physically?  I know you likened the industry to what actor might go through. Do you ever find yourself in that actor concept where they lose themselves in their roles and have a hard time coming back?

How does the club stroke the male ego and what makes it 'work' on that formula? I think I may know what you mean by this I do always find myself in a group of males when someone brings up the idea to go to a club. I can't say that it's ever been another way in my experiences. The more you give insight into this the more I am understanding what you mean about men's misbehavior at the club. I'm sorry the environment is that way, I'm sure it would be much more pleasant if men came through with respect and humility. 

It makes me so happy that you have that value for yourself to know that you did not deserve that mistreatment. That shows me more of the confidence in you that I find attractive. I wanted to tell you that you didn't deserve the mistreatment so you knew, that I knew, that you deserve to be treated the best and only that way. I know that I didn't deserve the mistreatment either. I guess in some sick way, I am glad I went through it so I could know what I'm willing to tolerate. I also learned what it was like to get my heart broken a bunch of times, that way I can always be considerate of what that feels like for the other person and do everything in my power to keep that from happening. 

The idea of us meeting earlier in our lives was a exaggerated romantic idea I was considering. I guess hearing about your past relationships and living through mine, I wondered if it was possible that we could still be where we are now and sparing ourselves the hardship by getting to enjoy one another throughout all this time. I'd agree with you that maybe we wouldn't have worked out earlier in our lives. I know who I am now is so different than who I was even in my last relationship.. All the changes that happened after that break up were changes I wanted for myself anyway, the breakup just expedited the changes, which I think I'm better off for anyway.

That's wise of you to acknowledge that you needed to go through those experoiences and experimentation. I understand the necessity to "get it out of your system". I get that the younger you may have been looking for someone like me to fill a void in your life. I've had to learn the hard way a couple times over, that's probably not what I was looking for all along.

That's so honest of you to admit that "you didn't feel whole on your own" That shows an awawreness about where you are now. I can probably say that without a doubt if you are the same or even close to who you are now I may have gladly filled that void. A younger version of myself was more "zealous" in how I navigated and explored romance. what might be the heart-led version of the Aries Ram bumbing it's head into things? It makes me happy to know you have enough respect for yourself and others not the be a cheater. I've been cheated on in every serious relationship I've had. It messed with my confidence and self esteem over and over. Coupled with a lack of self love, that's likely the recipiue for how I nurtured hating myself. I blamed me for their choices, asking myself, "whay wasn't I good enough?"

I believed that we talked about this, the notiooon, "that hurt people, hurt people". I've never subscribed to that beleive. Maybe it's the honor and fighter that was instilled in my from my mother to not let what happens to you define what you do to others. I was encouraged to "be better", break the mold of the satus quoe of my "draw" in life, and do the best you can to leave the world a better place than you found it. All that being said, I never made excuses to cheat before or after I was cheated on. I wanted to be the example that you can get hurt and continue to live virtuously. Maybe it was eqo, maybe it was self pride, either way, I knew it was wrong and it wasn't ever something I wanted to do personally. I always felt that if I was going to "be" with someone, I gave my word and I wanted to honor that.

In full transparency, what you mention was my point in asking if you that we could have met earlier.. maybe it's my protector spirit, but I also wish I could have spared you from the things you had to go through. There is something to you that is sacred, whoever you were to me in another life, I must have been sent to you to guard you in a way. *Slightly older me, is kissing slightly older you*. It is refreshing to meet someone who has likewaise taken on the task to work on themselves. I do hope that we are able to nurture the growth in one another on the path of healing. There is so many words I reserve myself from writing to you, because we are still getting to know eachother, but I want you to know that for as long as you're here, I'll be as delicate as I can with you. There's no presssure, be yourself, be happy, and be comfortable. That's all I ask.

It might be the love for music but I tend to gravitate towards sound. I can internalize cadence and tone fairly easily. I tend to do have an emotional association with music and sound. I've come to know from you that this is the "August Rush Syndrome" The fact that I can hear you in my head means you are something to me. WHat you want that to be is entirely up to you. Regardlesss of what you choose, having you in my head is a "jouful noise".

I dont know if you hearing me in your head may be a good thing. I'm concerned abiyt my accent causing you distress. Hopefully, the nerual link is working and your're getting more accustomed to the southern "twang". You do like the blues, which is the close cousin hear in the south. Also you being from New Mexico, does make you a "Southern Girl"!

You liked hearing me workout? I tried to tell you it's oddly sexual, you said it during the same workout, "how you do one thing, is how you do everything". So hopefully you are able to make the translation for yourself on that one. I guess I stayed on the phone during the workout because I wanted you to "know me" in that way. Not sexual, just human. In the ways I grunt and breathe because that is the essence who 'I am'.

I'll be sweet to you with my workd as long as you'll let me. I enjoy making you feel good with what I can say and think about you. Especially so because I'm not there to show you affection in person. I suppose one day my physical faculities will not work as well anyway and I'll have to revert to the current methods, so I may as well refine them along the way. I hope to you know you when I am a much older man.

You sang for me many times in the twenty-four hour period we got together. I was amazed by your voice. At two different casions, on two different days, at your house, and lastly in the Uber as we got to the airport. You sang quite a bit, those are fond memories from that time that I have of you. I get the stage fright thing, I have it myself. "The Boston Audition", if you remember me telling you about how I messed that up. That was one of the worst episodes of stage fright that cost me an opportunity I was excited about. Everything happens for a reason though. You certainly were more than comfortable to sing in front of me, I found your voice so captivating each time you would start up I didn't want it to end. Be careful, you have something that makes a man like me fall in love with a woman like you. Despite that, I hope we are able to explore music together, I've always wanted that with someone.

Id love to hear you read. My mother also read to my younger brothers and I when we were little. SHe used to read to us at bedtime to make us tired till we fell asleep and have us read in the early days to teach us how. Although as I got older that stopped working because I developed a love of books and literature and would stay awake to finish chapter after chapter.

I forgot about Reading Rainbow! You are more of a nerd than you let on. I used to love that show. It's probably been twenty-five years since I've seen it but I still remember it because it was so influential to me at such a young age. The tangibility is also why I love books, as my hand flips to turn the page and opening/closing the cover. Something about the physical touch of a book and the way my eyes move across the words on the page makes me feel like I'm 'living the writing'. I'm also a reading romanticist! Did I mention I collect old books? Not many, I don't go looking for them but when I find them I adore them. As a gift a friend of mine got me a 1970 copy of "Catche In The Rye", one of my favorite books. I still have it. I used to have a 1942 copy of ALbert Camus' "The Stranger" but its lost to a 'fling' that took it. I'll have to tell you that story, it's not long or particularly interesting just how I lost something that meant a lot to me.

I could see how you fetlt about Vegas right away. Did you notice I asked you why you picked the place you did and was surprised at your genuine answer? I could see realness in you, which I'm starting to understand I was looking for long before I came to Vegas, I never would have thought I would have found it there. I mentioned your feelings on Vegas, because I didn't want you to feel you coudln't talk freely, you didn't need to sell me on the tourism. I was tired of being a tourist at that point. I wasn't a fan from the beginning. If the event I was going for was held anywhere else I would have little if any need to go to Vegas. By the time we got together I was ready to leave Vegas, I wanted to 'go home'. Where that is.. still to be determined, because Austin has changed so much. I think I fel the same desire and directionlessness in you, and that made me feel at peace to where I could just relax and enjoy your company. It made me feel like we were "two strays, who aint so alone". (do you know the reference?) I am SO glad that we were able to have dinner the night we did that was the perfect way to end that trip, of course I would have loved for my time with you not to end but we both had our own agendas to get back to.

It bothers me to know that there have been repeat offenders to your scars. I know all too well what thatt's like. I dont want you to know that eve again, you deserve more than that. As I mentioned earlier, I may have been someone who was supposed to protect you from your last life. That's terrible of what has happned to yor friends. I never thikn that a man should put his hands on a women or a child. I'm glad to know a man has not put his hands on you. Why would a man who knows a woman has been abused even think to repeat the same? Excuse my language, but that makes me fucking sick. You should'nt do that as a man. We have power, not dominance or politically, but physicially. We can hurt women, it's not a fair exchange and that's why it's so gross to me. I can understand why you are resreved in revealing certain things in this way. I'm sorry men have been discouraging characters in your life that have led you to that. My mother endured a ton of predjuidice being a double minority. She's unfortuntatly encountered sexual/physical abuse and harrassment, but despite that sehe was deteremined to raise her sons to be better than what a man 'could be'. I was blessed with a first class education from her strength and resillence. I believe she taught me through her perserverance and life expierences "how to be a man", more than any male could ever teach me. 

I have suffered a lot, I have plenty of scars but I don't let that define me. If I meet someone who deserves love and tenderness than I am capable to give this. Despite my outward demenor, I am a soft person on the inside, I've just been hardened by my circumstances. I didn't choose the life I was given but I make th enest of what I have, as I always have.

It did take a long time to get to the point of practicing self love. there were plenty of moments in my life that I didn't care to go on at all. You take enough beatings physically and emotionally, it starts to "turn the lights out", but I would never forget my mother and her message of hope. Which is just her continuing to exist despite all that has happned to her. My mother did notice when I came back from Vegas I was different. She pointed out that I was full of life in a way she hadn't seen in me in many years. She asked If I had met someone and I told her I had. That someone was you.

I suppose what I meant by the 'rodeo' comment, was that I can grab you by your Aries Ram horns and wrangle you in if you needed, Not that Im opposed to you riding me at all. I told you I have a high sex drive and I'm looking forward to making up for a lot of this 'time apart' when I see you again. What is "the beast with two backs"? Sound sexual to say the least.

It's understandable to not know where the boundaries are sometimes. We've discussed this previously on the phone but I also tend to over stay in relationships both romantic and platonic. I tend to give myself away more than I should. Ill be the type to want to have an adventure but when 'enough is enough', I wont know when to walk away. I'm working on maintaining my boundaries and working on myself before I try to help others. It's difficult to reprogram oneself but not impossible. 

In conflict I'll initially shutdown. I reflect then try to reengage. I make a concious effort to stay calm. I addimitly have a tendency to cope when I am hurt by responding with anger. This is omething that I've had to work on for a good amount of time and to avoid any type of escalation I tend to disengage if I can feel that arise. The one triggering thing is when people come at me. (You might have seen a glimpse of this when those guys walked up to me when we had dinner), If I'm "forced" into a situation, I'll try to ask for space or back myself out, but if someone continues and gets in my face and tries to violate my physical space I do get aggressive. Please know that I am well aware of where that line is and even though women have crossed it in the past I do not respond to them the same as I would a male. Ultimately, I prefere to talk, I've spent a good amount of time in conflict I don't enjoy it. I feel the disagreement can be 'humanized' if we are able to have discourse about it. It feels evolved if we dont't need to raise our voices to understand eachother or get our points across. I noticed that I do not like forced conflict whatsoever, to me that feels like a fight and I will respond accordingly. Please don't thing that it always turns to aggression or violence. I hope I can share with you more stories of people who have made the decision to get aggressive with me and I was more than capable to meet them with kindness and not retaliate. 

Softness is what calms me down. If you approach me with grace and tenderness it seems to make me more receptive. I want to feel despite the disagreeement that you and I in this enviornment are going to be okay. If you and I were able to have an arguement than I must have done something. So I'll start by addressing that. Then I'm going to come to you and let you know with an apology how sorry I am and bring you soultions to make it better. THe alternative that you might upset me would probably require a lot so as long as you are aware of the lings and don't cross them you are likely going to be fine. I only ask for three things if you wanted to be my woman: truth, respect, and loyalty.

You're so intelligent not to go back to school. I lvoe learning with the mind I have, but if I had yours.. you are going to do incredible things. Did I tell you I was extreamly studios in high school? Also an addict AND an athlete. I lived a strange multifaceted life in those days. I suppose I've always enjoyed a challenge. I sometimes wonder If I didn't mess around and set myself to a singular purpose what would have become of me, but then I think on the life I've lived and I'm more than happy with where I've ended up and the road along the way. It's not always been perfect but it's certainly been fun. 

I do think the college entrance process is harder than it needs to be. I believe they are trying to "weed out" those that will and those that will not. It's unnecessarily complicated, you would think as a collective society we would all benefit if every one was more educated than not. Going to school is a process but it will give you a good life if you do the work, if it was easy everyone would do it. Like we said on the phone, "we cant beat the game, so play it and win". It wont matter where you go back to school, so I hope you are able to find someplace that makes you happy and fulfills you so you don't feel burdened when trying to pursue new things in your life.

I also don't want to explore an other sceanarios of "what could have been". I'm perfectly happy for the first time in a long time about everything that has occured between you and I. These letters and the way things went exactly how they needed to when we decided to see eachother is like nothing that has every happened to me before. I keep thinking to myself that I wish I had put this kind of intention into getting to know people previously and I may have been able to avoid a lot of mistakes in my past.

I wish you never had to feel like you had to save yourself. That makes me so sad, if I would have known you I would have invested myself fully into making sure you felt safe and comforted. I'm sorry you've had to 'father yourself' that's certainly can be tough on someone. I know what it's like to wake up to the realization that there is trauma in your past from not having a father. I never had a healthy male role model neither did any of my brothers and that caused a bunch of issues growing up. My mother's father died when she was four, so she didn't know her father either. It seems that there has been a lack of male direction in my family for a long time now. I'm sure it's hard to say where you would be if you did have a father. There are a number of things that could have made a difference a long the way but we are where we are now. I'm sorry you ex didn't meet you financially, that can be really tough on a relationship and the well being of the people in it. It's so sad to me that you have not had a man in your life to provide and protect you. You are so special, I can't imagine why no one would step up to that. That makes sense why you had to do what you did when your siblings father would not make any effort to help you. You took matters into your own hands and provided for yourself when someone who could, wouldn't. That takes a lot of strength and conviction you shoudln't feel bad at all for making it work.

It's wonderful to hear that you have changed the narrative with men for yourself by affirming your value and what you want. You deserve only the best and I mean that with the most sincerity. It's hard to say if you would have met me without the inner work, or likewise without my inner work just the same. Would we even have been ready to meet eachother where we needed to? So that we woudln't cause more damage to one another? I know that's the last thing that I would ever want to contribute to your life.

I truly mean it that I want you to be my life's work. Please dont take it that I'm obssesed with you or would become obsessed with you. It's a deep and meaningful term of endearment for how I've come to understand my feelings about you. You're aboslutely correct that what is happening here is so rare, I certainly have not expiereinced anything like this before and may never again. So I'm taking notes on everything that happens here so that I can remember all of it!

I know that this transitional period is making you restless and you're ready to get on with the next chapter with your life. Things always seem to slow way down right before they take off. Hang in there, what you are waiting for is right around the corner. It's unfortunate that the expierinece you had soured your relationship with other industries. It seems like with all those reasons that eventually you would have found yourself dancing. I've never stripped for someone but I can see how singing can make one feel so much more exposed than being naked. The flesh suit in contrast to bearing the soul is an excellent analogy.

I'll try to take it easy on watching the video. I know since we have been face timing it's a lot easier to avoid it since I get to see you speak and watch your facial reactions in real time. If you end up coming up with an all black release of 'zwee!' let me know I'll give it a shot. Maybe just for you I'll do a little black and white, still a maybe. Not feeling Zebra-ish these days.
