I absolutely agree with you that there is a human quality to be purpose driven. I can honestly say there are few, if any, things, in my life that don't have a purpose. (You might have been able to deduce that based on the way I live/keep my space.)

To the point of being the most "you" (I), certainly there is a lot of that. I mentioned to you that I want to be the best version of who I am day after day with consistent and steady improvements. This is so that I am well equipped to adjust to the natural unexpectedness that life tends to bring.

The motivation to eat right and stay healthy is because of that 90/10 rule I mentioned the other night. I indulge in things that may not be the healthiest for oneself and there is a time and place for such things, and moderation of course. If I can do right by myself most of the time, then I can give myself the grace to not judge my choices when I want to make room for these things I enjoy. After all we're not here for a long time, we're here for a good time. I just don't want to completely degrade the gift I was given with this body.

The motivation to stay fit is because life is just more enjoyable when you can do whatever you want because you are in shape and flexible and the like. I also don’t think our current society developed in tandem with our evolution. We live in the most pampered time in our history, and I personally feel that I am incapable of being docile at this point in my life. I need to move regularly as my ancestors did. I need some sort of physical stress (healthy) daily on my body to feel as though I have "lived" and not take my breath for granted. 

The motivation to earn money is the toughest for me. I mentioned I didn't grow up with a lot and it was just something I got used to or rather didn't know differently. Sure, making money creates opportunities to do things and have experiences but that's only a recent availability in my life. I've gone a long time without much and been perfectly okay, because I've always made it a point to explore the world and all its beautiful ideas with my mind regardless of the ability to travel. That's not to diminish the breadth of experience that traveling brings into our lives. I certainly advise traveling to explore the world and oneself in it. I also never cared about owning material possessions or collecting anything, if things added up, I was okay with that. -- Then I realized at some point that I wanted things that my current trajectory wouldn't give me. I never wanted a wife or a family when I was younger. I was okay living an alternative lifestyle because of the adventures that it brought with it, but after a while most of it stopped making sense and I personally asked myself, "what is all this for if I can't share it with anyone?" So, as I got older, I knew I needed to make changes for the things I might want someday. Obviously, it's contingent on specific parameters (timing, meeting someone, etc.). I think I may have mentioned that I personally like to enjoy things with people who I know will appreciate it. So, the only real motivation to make money for me is to share it with the people who I care about. Yes, the dream of buying land and living out my days riding a horse is fantastic and amazing if actualized, but maybe something I tell myself to stay motivated till the other parts fill themselves in. At the end of all this, if I didn't accomplish that but had a meaningful time and contributed to experiences beyond myself for the people that meant a lot to me, then I could die happy.

The motivation to work on my mind is similarly correlated to staying fit with my body. It's cliche for a reason that the mind/body connection is harmonious. I suppose if my mind is put through regular exercises to stay still during times stress, then I can become equipped to navigate most situations as I would be with a healthy body. In times of uncertainty if my mind is well trained, I can use reason to produce wise intentions, and turn those into positive actions. There are plenty of times that I have just "reacted", and observing my former self from where I am now, I feel more in control than I ever could have been before. I suppose training my mind seems to give me the freedom for "how to think" not "what to think".

The motivation to be a better person seems to stem from being raised by my mother and knowing all of the terrible things that have happened to her, how hard her life has been (in many ways), and how she continues to see the beauty and wonder in the world despite it all. Truly, one of the toughest people I have ever known. I take a lot of inspiration from her. She doesn’t make room in her heart to hold any negative feelings because it takes the place of filling her with positive ones. I told you before, I don't believe that "hurt people, hurt people", yes it does happen, but I think that's the default setting. With the experience of being hurt you can empathize better and can help people heal. You don't know much about where the sadness in me comes from, but it really doesn’t matter because I don't care about being bitter, angry, or blaming anyone for anything. I'd rather take that and use it to make sure no one will feel what I have felt or do feel.  

Foundational Goals:
	- Caring for my mother in the last stages of her life
	- Making a difference in the lives of the people I am fortunate enough to cross with for any given amount of time
	- Finding someone who shares the same commitment to me that I would give to them
